Week 1 - 9/30
This week the objective was to continue finalizing our design doc and get started on a schematic. 
We are still struggling a bit figuring out what our sub systems will look but we had a basic idea at the beginning of the week.
--> Mon - Wed
Understood what our modules wanted to look like at a high level but having trouble with the specifics (communication protocols, BLE vs WIFI, 
and how we want the sensors to interact)
Also, began brainstorming what types of sensors are good for what we want and if they will even work.
--> Thurs - Fri
We were able to finalize the design doc, confirmed the specifics of our subsystems including the sensor (ethylene) and what kinda of 
communication protocol we want to use.
Also secured our high level requirements that we will work towards when developing our project:
1. The module should be accurate in detecting the presence of ethylene (threshold unknown yet) in order to trigger an alert.
2. The design should be capable of withstanding standard refrigerator temperatures and should maintain a form factor that is 
at most dimensions of  5 in x 4 in x 2 in. 
3. The system must respond to detected ethylene gas concentration changes and trigger an alert within 30 seconds of the threshold being met.

Week 2 - 10/7
Goal is to get ready for the design review and explain the relative design we want to implement as well get help/feedback from TAs at the
PCB review.
We are continuing to build the schematic for our CAD model but need help setting up the corrrect ESP.
--> Mon - Wed
Presented the design doc to the TAs and got some feedback on our high level requirements.
Should focus more on just being able to get a secure connection bc might be difficult through metal (will test)
Not sure how to configure the ESP for our modules will seek help during PCB review.
--> Thurs - Fri
Got a lot of feedback from PCB Review:
-Told to try out testing spoilage with VOC sensor instead (use breakboards to test and get working before PCB)
-Given caution about ethylene sensor bc it is quite specific
-Look into using through hole LEDs for the external module may be easier 
-Given an outline on what an ESP should look like including the USB to flash it as well as debugging tools

Week 3 - 10/14
