Week of 9/30
This week the objective was to continue finalizing our design doc and get started on a schematic. 
We are still struggling a bit figuring out what our sub systems will look but we had a basic idea at the beginning of the week.
--> Mon - Wed
Understood what our modules wanted to look like at a high level but having trouble with the specifics (communication protocols, BLE vs WIFI, 
and how we want the sensors to interact)
Also, began brainstorming what types of sensors are good for what we want and if they will even work.
--> Thurs - Fri
We were able to finalize the design doc, confirmed the specifics of our subsystems including the sensor (ethylene) and what kinda of 
communication protocol we want to use.
Also secured our high level requirements that we will work towards when developing our project:
1. The module should be accurate in detecting the presence of ethylene (threshold unknown yet) in order to trigger an alert.
2. The design should be capable of withstanding standard refrigerator temperatures and should maintain a form factor that is 
at most dimensions of  5 in x 4 in x 2 in. 
3. The system must respond to detected ethylene gas concentration changes and trigger an alert within 30 seconds of the threshold being met.

Week of 10/7
Goal is to get ready for the design review and explain the relative design we want to implement as well get help/feedback from TAs at the
PCB review.
We are continuing to build the schematic for our CAD model but need help setting up the corrrect ESP.
--> Mon - Wed
Presented the design doc to the TAs and got some feedback on our high level requirements.
Should focus more on just being able to get a secure connection bc might be difficult through metal (will test)
Not sure how to configure the ESP for our modules will seek help during PCB review.
--> Thurs - Fri
Got a lot of feedback from PCB Review:
-Told to try out testing spoilage with VOC sensor instead (use breakboards to test and get working before PCB)
-Given caution about ethylene sensor bc it is quite specific
-Look into using through hole LEDs for the external module may be easier 
-Given an outline on what an ESP should look like including the USB to flash it as well as debugging tools

Week of 10/14
Make progress on the schmeatic adn try to get an order in on PCBway by the first order deadline. Also, test get VOC sensor and utilize
ESP devkit in order to try to get data readings for the sensor 
--> Mon - Wed
Working on schematic but not sure how to set up circuit with the ESP and hook up the sensors to it. Also unsure how we want to proceed 
with our external module. Having trouble finding/uploading valid footprints for the parts we want. 
The ethylene sensor we want to use does not have an easily downloadable version to import into Kicad.
Also having issues with having extensive enough datasheets that tells how to hook up the sensor and information about pin layouts.
--> Thurs - Fri
Got necessary VOC sensor devboard for testing.
Soldered parts together in order to use on the breadboard.
Attempted to configure ESP devkit with arduino IDE in order to get sensor readings to output.

Week of 10/21
Continue testing with devkit
Order necessart parts for PCB and get CAD model working and able to order.
--> Mon - Wed
Continued working on the schematic trying to finalize for the next round of orders 
Continue testing BME sensor on breadboard, making sense of readings trying to set necessary thresholds
--> Thurs - Fri
Still struggling with footprints, not able to find ones that are viable and have enough documentation for us
Also having issues with software, importing necessary parts are not working
Will continue to work, try to order in next round. 

Week of 10/28
Goal is to get a PCB that is fully done and able to be ordered. Also need to find different sensor because BME is not fully working
the way we want it to.
--> Mon - Wed
Got help from TA to try and complete the ESP schematic along with power supply and external alerts
He showed us an example ESP schematic and what the minimum things we need in order for it to work
We will go off of that and try to base our PCB off of that.
--> Thurs - Fri
Were able to get serial readings from the BME sensor but readings werent useful for detecting spoilage.
Understand how to get the code working to sense the gases, just need to get the right sensor that is able to sense when spoilage 
has happened. 

Week of 11/4
Begin trying to solder first iteration of PCB and test with new breakout board in order to set the necessary thresholds for 
high level requirements.
--> Mon - Wed
PCB missing many parts, including a way to give power to the entire PCB, so we will have to redesign and order again.
--> Thurs - Fri
Began testing with the new sensor which senses for Methane and Ammonia, which is a better indicator of spoilage
Working soldering and setting up this VOC sensor and testing with breadboard.
Resubmitted design doc with refined requirements and information on subsystems.

Week of 11/11
Make new iteration of PCB for reordering and figure out necessary thresholds for spoilage
--> Mon - Wed
Trying to redesign the PCB, including a way to distribute the power and actually flash the microcontroller.
Having trouble passing DRC, traces are not cooperating and may have to pick new ESP without holes in the middle of it because it is 
causing problems.
--> Thurs - Fri
Tested with the breakout board and found spoilage thresholds of 3000 for CH4 and 50 for NH3, so we will use this to detect spoilage
Signed up for demo/presentation
Starting to look into BLE communication based on a server/client implementation. 

Week of 11/18
Demonstrate what we have with TA, work towards getting functionality on the PCB and confrim BLE communication on breadboard for leaving
for break
--> Mon - Wed
Put in a new order for PCB (LOL), did not have adequate parts for powering board, will try to get external module soldered.
Demonstrated what we have on the breadboard to the TA.
--> Thurs - Fri
Got BLE communication working, can connect to the server and receive alerts from it.
It is also able to receive this alert and then make an action based on it, in our case lighting up the on chip LED.

Week of 12/2
Get some sort of functionality on the PCB to show furing the demo and also prepare for final presentation
--> Mon - Wed
PCB got lost in transit, unable to attempt with our final design of the PCB
Had to demo with the breadboard in order to show them proof of our concept 
--> Thurs - Fri
Worked on final presentation slides and practiced a few times with team, splitting up presentation planning who will say what
Had mock presentation got feedback on our delivery and slides

Week of 12/9
Do a good job on final presentation and write the final paper
--> Mon - Wed
Finished the final presentation 
Worked on finishing the final presentation 
--> Thurs - Fri
Clean up lab space 


